<p class="indent">vimkid website is online! vimkid, vim tea for you, welcome home! </p>

<p class="indent"> Hi, there, my name is Kid, I will share something technology about vim in this website, such as vimrc config, vim plugin, vim use config, vimscript note and so on. Just for your faster edit! But Kid's English level is limited, something translate may be wrong, if you found it, you can send me with Email: 1730874730@qq.com. Thank's for your support!!  I will fix it when I have time. However, this website is not only share vim technology, but also share something other technology, such as linux, css3, php, shell, golang, sql, web server config, network security, load balancing ... Otherwise, I have something interesting category to share with you, like book recomand, electric guitar, guitar, REMIX music, and a lot I haven't imagine now. If you want to share articles in this website (free), you can send me an email. This website is designed by Linux + Nginx + PHP7 + Mysql + Mongodb + Memcache + HTML5 + CSS3 + Jquery with responsive layout. For faster response speed, the structure maybe change later. The website url is www.vimkid.com. Beacause time is limited,it might be have some problem, but I will fix it as fast as I can. As time passed, tt must be more and more articles here! </p>

<p class="indent"> Why do this website publish on On July 9? Beacause 7 looks like V , I is the 9th of the alphabet, so 79 means VI. 79 is the ninth Lucky prime number. Lucky means this website will give you lucky. Prime number means one and only, yes, this website is one and only! 79 in periodic table of chemical elements is gold, maybe you can harvest gold from this website. OK, that's all kidding, you know, my name is Kid. hahaha</p>

<p class="indent">At last, please allow me to share an chinese poem, "you can enjoy a great sight, by climbing to a greater height!! " </p>
